A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away...
Darth Vader: I saw your ship. What are you doing out here?
Padme Amidala: I was so worried about you. Obi-Wan told me terrible things.
Darth Vader: What things?
Padme Amidala: He said you turned to the dark side. That you... killed younglings.
Darth Vader: Obi-Wan is trying to turn you against me.
Padme Amidala: He cares about us.
Darth Vader: Us?
Padme Amidala: He knows. He wants to help you. Anakin, all I want is your love.
Darth Vader: Love won't save you, Padme. Only my new powers can do that.
Padme Amidala: At what cost? You're a good person, don't do this!
Darth Vader: I won't lose you the way I lost my mother. I've become more powerful than any Jedi has ever dreamed of. And I'm doing it for you, to protect you.
Padme Amidala: Come away with me. Help me raise our child. Leave everything else behind while we still can.
Darth Vader: Don't you see? We don't have to run away anymore. I have brought peace to the Republic. I am more powerful than the Chancellor, I can overthrow him. And together you and I can rule the galaxy. Make things the way we want them to be.
Padme Amidala: [steps away] I can't believe what I'm hearing. Obi-Wan was right. You've changed.
Darth Vader: I don't want to hear any more about Obi-Wan. The Jedi turned against me, don't you turn against me.
Padme Amidala: I don't know you anymore. Anakin, you're breaking my heart. You're going down a path I can't follow.
Darth Vader: Because of Obi-Wan?
Padme Amidala: Because of what you've done! What you plan to do. Stop, stop now. Come back. I love you!
Darth Vader: [seeing Obi-Wan] LIAR!
Padme Amidala: No!
Darth Vader: You're with him! You brought him here to kill me! [begins to choke Padme]
Padme Amidala: No, Anakin--
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Let her go, Anakin!
Padme Amidala: Anakin...
Obi-Wan Kenobi: LET HER GO!
[Anakin releases Padme, who collapses]
Darth Vader: You turned her against me!
Obi-Wan Kenobi: You have done that yourself.
Darth Vader: You will not take her from me!
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Your anger and your lust for power have already done that. You have allowed this Dark Lord to twist your mind until now... until now you have become the very thing you swore to destroy.
Darth Vader: Don't lecture me, Obi-Wan. I see through the lies of the Jedi. I do not fear the Dark Side as you do! I have brought peace, freedom, justice and security to my new empire!
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Your new empire?
Darth Vader: Don't make me kill you...
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Anakin, my allegiance is with the Republic... to democracy!
Darth Vader: If you're not with me... then you're my enemy!
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Only a Sith deals in absolutes. I will do what I must.
Darth Vader: You will try.
 https://youtu.be/FHuD5y-PZM0?si=JRVNwF3B9iPMB6uS&t=19
https://youtu.be/33CE_4pDLkc?si=MXmucqDZvA762Ej4
